What Has Gone Before
     The game Baldur's Gate and it's expansion pack Tales of the Sword Coast while an enjoyable experience is known to still contain errors throughout the game.  While some situations pass by unoticeably due to specifc roleplay, other situations are blatantly present. There have been several attempts over the years to provide corrections to many of these situations. First there was Kevin Dorner and his fix pack called "Baldurdash". Then there was Dudley and his broad collection of fixes and arguably extreme modifications towards a more D&D Pen & Paper style experience which collectively have become known as "Dudleyville". Following the advent of WeiDU, Idobek at Gibberlings3.net began to create a weidu based fix pack which was to combine the many elements of Baldurdash and Dudleyville into a singular easy to install and uninstall package. This project was never finished and was in fact abandoned with many of it's questionable elements transferring to a new project called Unfinished Buisness. It is here that an upstart modder with barely any knowledge of the previous fix packs took on the daunting task of creating a singular weidu based fix pack.

Installation
*add content*

Uninstallation
*add content*

Component Contents
   #0  Required for all components
       Without this component there will be no options to install anything else. This component is used to check WinXP systems for a rare but game breaking install. Seems that under some unknown conditions the installation of ToTSC and the consecutive patch doesn't remove the override contents of the vanilla game. This can introduce an untold number of issues and incompatibilities with any mods that may use those files. 39 files are looked for and moved to a backup location.  Also the Mac 5512 patch for ToTSC was incomplete, devsin has provided the necessary patches to correctly bring the Mac version to an identical state as the Win version.

   #1  Core Components
       These are patches which fix broken elements of the game. This can be small subtle things such as an incorrect file reference as well as larger solutions to prevent exploiting game mechanics.  See below for a breakdown.

   #2  Game Text Update
       Salk has provided us with a "merging of the best" text strings. Sources were the vanilla game, ToTSC expansion, Baldurdash, and Dudleyville. He also standardized spacing, line spacing, as well as spell & item descriptions. Included are also a few item file adjustments (such as weight) which are needed to match corrected descriptions. A few files also needed to be redirected to the correct identified or unidentified names.

   #3  Optional: Oublek & Prism - No Exploit & Multiple Ways to Solve Quest
       Replaces the exploit solution in the core components with an exploit work around by creating two specific emeralds to turn in for the bounty. Also provides for other methods of gaining the emeralds. Play around with it ^^  HINT: if for some reason you cannot find the emeralds, check the statue.

   #4  Optional: Multi-player friendly pickpocket fix for bandit scalps
       Reverses the exploit solution in the core components by moving the scalps to a non-pickpocketable slot and thus keeping the pickpocketable status on the item so that players in a multi-player game can steal them from each other.

   #5  Optional:  Restore Chapter 5 start to Vanilla BG behaviour
       For ToTSC games.  This changes the annoying chapter change that happens upon the death of the mine's boss.  It reverts it back to the area triggers in the vanilla game which are located at the exits of the map.

   #6  Optional:  Friendly Arm Inn Hidden Container Restoration
       For vanilla games.  This adds the hidden container (along with it's treasure) to the map where the Friendly Arm Inn is located.

Core Components Breakdown
PATCHallotherfixes.tph
     Missing music files added


